Clarify callout options and update to markdown from Liquid (#33929)
github/docs: content/contributing/style-guide-and-content-model/style-guide.md

> ### Callout types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alert types
```

> There are five types of callouts: Note, Tip, Important, Warning, and Caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use four types of callouts: Note, Tip, Warning, and Caution.
```

> [!NOTE]
> Metadata for {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} tokens is currently in public beta and subject to change.

#### Tip

Recommendations, best practices or product hints. Tips contain non-essential information that users can follow at their discretion. Particularly useful in articles aimed at new users.

For example, "[AUTOTITLE](/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile)" uses a tip callout to help users understand what to expect when they @mention an organization.

> [!TIP]
> When you @mention an organization, only those that you're a member of will autocomplete. You can still @mention organizations that you're not a member of, like a previous employer, but the organization name won't autocomplete for you.

> #### Important
> 
> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > Key information users need to know to achieve their goal.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Callouts are rendered using Markdown.

Note:

```markdown
> [!NOTE]
> Keep this in mind.
```

Tip:

```markdown
> [!TIP]
> Here's a suggestion.
```

> Important:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```markdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > This is important.
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Be extremely careful.
```

Liquid syntax for alerts is still supported and may still appear in older articles, but should not be used for new alerts.

> For more information on formatting alerts, see “Alerts” in "[AUTOTITLE](/contributing/syntax-and-versioning-for-github-docs/using-markdown-and-liquid-in-github-docs#callout-tags)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on formatting alerts, see “Alerts” in "[AUTOTITLE](/contributing/syntax-and-versioning-for-github-docs/using-markdown-and-liquid-in-github-docs#alerts)."
```
